Add a custom StartDate option to trackRecord feature. (#8)
jonsamp/date-streaks: README.md

### `trackRecord`

> Track record returns a list of dates from a date into the past with the provided dates marked as `true`. This is especially helpful for features where you want to show users a calendar of dates where they completed some task. By defaulted 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Track record returns a list of dates from a specified date into the past with the provided dates marked as `true`. This is especially helpful for features where you want to show users a calendar of dates where they completed some task.
```

#### Example

> Let's assume today is 1/10/2018. But want to get a track record for the current week with end date 1/13/2018.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's get a track record for the days preceeding 1/13/2018.
```

```js
import { trackRecord } from 'date-streaks';

const dates = [
  new Date('01/04/2018'),
  new Date('01/05/2018'),
  new Date('01/11/2018'),
  new Date('01/12/2018')
];

// defaults to 7 days
const length = 10;

// defaults to today's date

> const startDate = new Date('01/13/2018');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const endDate = new Date('01/13/2018');
```

> trackRecord({ dates, length, startDate }); // object filled w/ {dates:Array, length:Number, startDate: Date}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
trackRecord({ dates, length, endDate });
```

I think this extra comment is good, but I should show a table for each method of required/not-required params etc. I'll make this a task. I'd rather show this kind of info for all methods in date-streaks instead of just this one.
